1 - Entrance Hall
2 - Billiard Room
3 - Library
4 - Parlour
5 - Kitchen
6 - Dining Room
7 - Conservatory
8 - Ballroom
. - Lawn
: - Entrance Steps
# - Wall
+ - Door (closed)
/ - Door (open)

Colonel Dijon was brutally murdered in his home only hours ago.

After rushing to the crime scene, you’re standing at the front door to the sprawling plantation estate.

The door is locked. Press [E] to ring the doorbell.

Jeeves the butler opens the door. He seems agitated and upset.

You’re in the entrance hall. Jeeves the butler is here. Press [Q] to question Jeeves.

“This is just so horribly tragic,” says Jeeves.

“I really couldn’t say,” says Jeeves. “I’m just so terribly shaken up by all this.”

“I was in the ballroom when I heard the scream,” says Jeeves. “By then, it was too late.”

Jeeves shakes his head and won’t say anything further.

You’re in the ballroom. Once upon a time, the grand events hosted here would have been the talk of the county. Not these days, though.

This room was used as a hospital for wounded confederate soldiers during the civil war.

The historical significance is somewhat undermined by the dilapidated state of the furnishings.

It has seen better days.

You’re in the library. Floor to ceiling shelves house a vast collection of books on military history.

Mr Bell is here. Press [Q] to question Mr Bell.

“I’ve been here in the library the whole time. Ask Claudia. She was here too, when it happened.”

Mr Bell looks at the floor and won’t say anything further.

You’re in the conservatory.

Claudia is here. Press [Q] to question Claudia.

“I just don’t know how anyone could do such a thing.”

“I was in the library with Mr Bell. I didn’t see what happened.”

Claudia frowns at you and won’t say anything further.

You’re in the Billiard Room. William is here. Press [Q] to question William.

“I was in the kitchen, talking to George,” says William.

“Shocking, isn’t it?”

William glares at you and won’t say anything further.

You can’t assemble the suspects until you find the murder weapon.

You’re in the parlor. George is here. Press [Q] to question George.

“Such a waste of a life.”

“I was with Rebecca. That’s all I’ve got to say.”

George glances anxiously around the room and won’t talk further.

You’re in the dining room. Colonel Dijon is still seated at the table where he died, slumped forward in a puddle of spilled soup on the tablecloth.

You’re in the kitchen.

There’s a large pot of soup cooling on the stove.

The soup has a sickly sweet tang that stings your throat when you inhale it. Reddish brown crystals are starting to form on the sides of the pot. It’s poisoned!

Rebecca is here.

“I wasn’t in the room when it happened,” says Rebecca. “But I did see Jeeves in the ballroom right after.”

“You weren’t supposed to be here,” says William. “But that’s okay. This is the end for you, but I’ve still got a chance to run.”

You are dead.